"Very cute," Z said, drooling.

Terry smiled. "Good!" he replied, grabbing her hand and running away.

They ran straight into a brick wall, causing Z to giggle and tip-toe
over to the unnamed ferret's sister, grabbing her hand and running off
again. Z looked back and spat furiously at Terry before hitting a stop
sign. As Terry watched in a daze, the unnamed ferret's sister was
suddenly abducted by a UFO. Terry then grabbed Z and jumped aboard the
UFO, where they both watched as Sonic the Hedgehog suddenly burst out
the side of the ship with a large plate of metal.

"Talk about low-budget flights! No food or movies? I'm outta here. I
like running better," Sonic said, before doing a 1800 and falling to a
street far below.

"That was odd..." Z remarked, looking at Terry.

Terry looked back at her with confusion. "Are you okay?" he asked.

"She's mine!" Z exclaimed, running to the front of the ship.

"But you don't even know how to..." Terry began to say, before stopping
himself. "Never mind," he sighed, looking out the window.

Later, while they were flying to Mars, the unnamed ferret's sister
asked, "What are you doing?"

"Stealing you," Z replied, grinning.

"Besides that," the unnamed ferret's sister said, giving Z the evil eye.

"Oh, we're going to Mars," Z said, trying to change the subject. But
when the unnamed ferret's sister looked out the window, Z pushed the
ship into full throttle.

"Should be anytime now..." Terry said, looking at his watch.

"Do you know how to drive this thing?" the unnamed ferret's sister
asked.

"Not really," Z admitted with a sheepish grin.

"Three...two...one..." Terry counted down.

Suddenly, the ship crashed into a building, leaving everyone wondering
why they were still there.

"By the time this ends, we'll have a long book on our hands, but I
digress. Why are we still here?" Terry asked.

A shadowed figure appeared and said, "Because I wish it...izzle!"

"Who are you?" everyone asked.

"I don't know, izzle. But I can-izzle tell you that I was sent here to
retrieve the unnamed sister of the unnamed ferret...person...izzle," the
shadowed figure replied.

Z grabbed the unnamed ferret's sister's hand and ran off-screen, and
suddenly everything became very anime-ish. The shadowed figure became a
super-Saiyan and threw a bomb that exploded to release a
vanilla-flavored gas. Terry suddenly threw a random jewel into the air,
saying "Moon Jewel Beacon Activate!!!" Travis fell from the sky and
collided with the ground.

"What happened?" Travis asked.

"Someone set up us the bomb-izzle. I send signal-izzle," Terry said,
coughing.

"What-izzle?" Travis replied, coughing.

"Main person listen to-izzle," Zc added, coughing.

"It's you!!" Travis exclaimed.

"How are you gentlemen!!" the shadowed figure said.

"All your base are belong to izzle-Kid. You are -izzle- on the way to
destruction. Ha ha ha? izzle!" a kid said.

"What did you say?" the unnamed ferret's sister asked, coughing.

"Izzle Gas? ...What The Izzle?" Terry said.

"You have no chance to izzle make your izzle," the kid continued.

The gas cleared, and Travis disintegrated. Zc suddenly realized that he,
the unnamed ferret's sister, and everyone else had become anime-tized.
The kid said, "Ferret-girl! You are the chosen one! This world is the
fabrication of bored humans! Now you must return to your drawing!" Terry
and Z were not ready to accept that and decided to fight back.

Z shouted, "Zdouken!" and fired a gigantic fireball at the Kid, which
was much larger than the planet. But Kid managed to knock it toward the
sun. Terry, not to be outdone, used his Quad-Doppelganger Skill and
shouted, "Shimmering Lunar Slash!" However, he accidentally slashed Z
until he was wearing nothing but his underclothing, which caused
everyone to stare at him.

Z blushed and said, "..."

The unnamed ferret's sister then exclaimed, "MINE!" and glomped onto Z.
Terry couldn't help but think that it wasn't worth the trouble. He said,
"Now that I think about it...I'm not sure if you're really worth the
trouble.

Z replied, "Don't be such a spoiled sport just because she likes me more
than you."

As they were arguing, the fireball destroyed the sun. The gas cleared,
and they all returned to their normal state. They looked around,
confused about what had just happened. Suddenly, a shadowed figure
appeared and said, "You have done well, young ones. You have proven your
worth." Everyone looked at each other, wondering who this person was and
what they wanted.

The shadowed figure continued, "I am here to offer you a chance to join
our cause. We are the protectors of the universe, and we need your help
to defeat the evil that threatens to destroy everything we hold dear."

Z, Terry, and the unnamed ferret's sister looked at each other, knowing
that they had no other choice. They nodded their heads and said, "We'll
do it." The shadowed figure smiled and said, "Good. Your journey starts
now." And with that, they were transported to a distant planet to begin
their new adventure.

Go to [Chapter 2](stories/9268)